README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://github.com/fishstrap/fishstrap/raw/main/Images/Bloxstrap-full-dark.png#gh-dark-mode-only" width="820">
    <img src="https://github.com/fishstrap/fishstrap/raw/main/Images/Bloxstrap-full-light.png#gh-light-mode-only" width="820">

[![License][badge-repo-license]][repo-license]
[![Workflow][badge-repo-workflow]][repo-actions]
[![Downloads][badge-repo-downloads]][repo-releases]
[![Version][badge-repo-latest]][repo-latest]
[![Discord][badge-discord]][discord-invite]
![Stars][badge-repo-stars]
</div>

> [!CAUTION]
> The only official places to download Fishstrap are this GitHub repository and [fishstrap.app](https://fishstrap.app).
> Any other websites offering downloads or claiming to be us are not controlled by us *(eg. fishstrap.org, fishstrap.com).* Do not download from them.

*Fishstrap is a custom bootstrapper for Roblox based on Bloxstrap.*
*It aims to provide additional features to compliment your experience.*

***Found any bugs? [Submit an issue](https://github.com/fishstrap/fishstrap/issues/new/choose) or create a bug report in our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/SRs5zb9BJd).***

> [!NOTE]
> Fishstrap only supports **Windows 10 and above**. We do not plan on supporting other Operating Systems.
> You can use **[AppleBlox](https://github.com/AppleBlox/appleblox)** *(for MacOS)* or **[Sober](https://sober.vinegarhq.org/)** *(for Linux)*.
> More experienced Linux users can use tools like **[Lution](https://github.com/wookhq/Lution)** for example.

**Download the latest release [here][repo-latest]**

## Feature List
- Detailed server information **(Thanks to [RoValra](https://www.rovalra.com/))**
- Roblox Studio support
- Flag editor (Roblox Studio only)
- Framerate cap unlocking
- Global Settings page
- Custom Fishstrap game invite links
- Cache cleaner
- Channel changer

> And many more!

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://fishstrap.app/img/Showcase.webp" width="420">
</div>

[badge-repo-license]:    https://img.shields.io/github/license/fishstrap/fishstrap?style=flat-square
[badge-repo-workflow]:   https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/fishstrap/fishstrap/ci-release.yml?branch=main&style=flat-square&label=builds
[badge-repo-downloads]:  https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/fishstrap/fishstrap/latest/total?style=flat-square&color=981bfe
[badge-repo-latest]:     https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/fishstrap/fishstrap?style=flat-square&color=7a39fb
[badge-repo-stars]:      https://img.shields.io/github/stars/fishstrap/fishstrap?style=flat-square&color=dd9900

[badge-discord]: https://img.shields.io/discord/1299397064165429360?style=flat-square&logo=discord&logoColor=white&logoSize=auto&label=discord&color=4d3dff

[repo-license]:  https://github.com/fishstrap/fishstrap/blob/main/LICENSE
[repo-actions]:  https://github.com/fishstrap/fishstrap/actions
[repo-releases]: https://github.com/fishstrap/fishstrap/releases
[repo-latest]:   https://github.com/fishstrap/fishstrap/releases/latest

[discord-invite]:  https://discord.gg/SRs5zb9BJd

Commit message:

add maintenance mode warning to README.md
just adds a quick warning to the top of the README.md regarding maintenance mode

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://github.com/fishstrap/fishstrap/raw/main/Images/Bloxstrap-full-dark.png#gh-dark-mode-only" width="820">
    <img src="https://github.com/fishstrap/fishstrap/raw/main/Images/Bloxstrap-full-light.png#gh-light-mode-only" width="820">

[![License][badge-repo-license]][repo-license]
[![Workflow][badge-repo-workflow]][repo-actions]
[![Downloads][badge-repo-downloads]][repo-releases]
[![Version][badge-repo-latest]][repo-latest]
[![Discord][badge-discord]][discord-invite]
![Stars][badge-repo-stars]
</div>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> **Fishstrap is currently in maintenance mode.** Only bugs and security issues will be fixed.\
> All other PRs will be denied.\
> We are expected to **leave maintenance mode soon**; however, there is _no_ ETA.\
> For more information, please join our [discord][discord-invite].

> [!CAUTION]
> The only official places to download Fishstrap are this GitHub repository and [fishstrap.app](https://fishstrap.app).
> Any other websites offering downloads or claiming to be us are not controlled by us *(eg. fishstrap.org, fishstrap.com).* Do not download from them.

*Fishstrap is a custom bootstrapper for Roblox based on Bloxstrap.*
*It aims to provide additional features to compliment your experience.*

***Found any bugs? [Submit an issue](https://github.com/fishstrap/fishstrap/issues/new/choose) or create a bug report in our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/SRs5zb9BJd).***

> [!NOTE]
> Fishstrap only supports **Windows 10 and above**. We do not plan on supporting other Operating Systems.
> You can use **[AppleBlox](https://github.com/AppleBlox/appleblox)** *(for MacOS)* or **[Sober](https://sober.vinegarhq.org/)** *(for Linux)*.
> More experienced Linux users can use tools like **[Lution](https://github.com/wookhq/Lution)** for example.

**Download the latest release [here][repo-latest]**

## Feature List
- Detailed server information **(Thanks to [RoValra](https://www.rovalra.com/))**
- Roblox Studio support
- Flag editor (Roblox Studio only)
- Framerate cap unlocking
- Global Settings page
- Custom Fishstrap game invite links
- Cache cleaner
- Channel changer

> And many more!

<div align="center">
    <img src="https://fishstrap.app/img/Showcase.webp" width="420">
</div>

[badge-repo-license]:    https://img.shields.io/github/license/fishstrap/fishstrap?style=flat-square
[badge-repo-workflow]:   https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/fishstrap/fishstrap/ci-release.yml?branch=main&style=flat-square&label=builds
[badge-repo-downloads]:  https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/fishstrap/fishstrap/latest/total?style=flat-square&color=981bfe
[badge-repo-latest]:     https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/fishstrap/fishstrap?style=flat-square&color=7a39fb
[badge-repo-stars]:      https://img.shields.io/github/stars/fishstrap/fishstrap?style=flat-square&color=dd9900

[badge-discord]: https://img.shields.io/discord/1299397064165429360?style=flat-square&logo=discord&logoColor=white&logoSize=auto&label=discord&color=4d3dff

[repo-license]:  https://github.com/fishstrap/fishstrap/blob/main/LICENSE
[repo-actions]:  https://github.com/fishstrap/fishstrap/actions
[repo-releases]: https://github.com/fishstrap/fishstrap/releases
[repo-latest]:   https://github.com/fishstrap/fishstrap/releases/latest

[discord-invite]:  https://discord.gg/SRs5zb9BJd
